Welcome back.
We just wrote a few lines of typescript code but the one thing that was kind of annoying was that we
had to constantly run this command to compile our code.
Ideally we can just have that running and done automatically.
And that way we can do that is quite simple.
We can initialize our project as a typescript project by simply running TS C dash dash in it.
We see that it's created a TS config based on file.
If we go to this file we see that it's created what we call a configuration file for typescript and
you can see over here that this file gives us a ton of option for the compiler to check and the compiler
options can do many things.
We see that our target is yes 5.
And it says specify ECMAScript version and you can see how many defaults they have.
So for example if I changed this to let's see there are options that they're giving us let's change
it to E.S. 2017.
So I'll say yes 20 17.
What kind of modules we want to use we can do common gas.
Or perhaps you want to do.
Yes 2015 and a ton of options.
You basically can decide what kind of work you want the compiler to do and what type of output we need.
And the great thing about this config file is that it actually describes every little thing that you
can do online you also have a great documentation on TS config file if you want to get really into it.
But don't worry later on I'm going to show you how to actually simplify this step or how it's already
been simplified for us.
For now though we have a TS config file which is the default setup for now.
If we go to typescript us so we just cleared our terminal.
And the way we are able to run this and watch mode is quite simple.
All we need not here all we need is TSC typescript dot TS and then dash dash watch for watch mode and
you can see over here it's starting compilation Kham compilation is complete and now it's watching for
changes.
And every time I say if it's going to recompile and detect these changes.
For example if I change this now to a boolean value it's going to give me an error.
And the compiler says you're doing something wrong here.
All right.
So we have this running and everything set up.
I think it's time for us to go through all the typeset typescript give us and do a bit of coding.
So get that set up on your computer on your machine and I'll see in the next video by.